rank,search_url,search_keyword,title,author,doi_url,keywords,abstract,highlight,lang,search_site
2,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=308885435,hcho removal,ZnO modified TiO2 nanotube array supported Pt catalyst for HCHO removal under mild conditions,"Huayao Chen, Minni Tang, Zebao Rui, Xuyu Wang, Hongbing Ji",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cattod.2015.08.024,"Formaldehyde, Catalytic oxidation, Pt, ZnO, TiO2 nanotube, In-situ DRIFTS","Highly-ordered pore-through TiO2 nanotube arrays (TiNT) are modified with ZnO and then used as the support for a Pt/ZnO/TiNT catalyst. The Pt/ZnO/TiNT is applied to the trace HCHO oxidation under mild conditions. In comparison with the Pt/TiNT without ZnO modification, monolith-like Pt/ZnO/TiNT shows higher activity under parallel preparation and test conditions. A HCHO conversion of 95% with more than 100 h stable performance is achieved over 0.2 wt.% Pt/ZnO/TiNT at 30 °C. The effect of ZnO modification on the structural properties and catalytic performance of Pt/ZnO/TiNT are investigated. The superior performances are related to the enhanced HCHO storage capacity of ZnO/TiNT support, the specific monolith-like structure and the modified metal–support interaction in Pt/ZnO/TiNT.",,eng,naver
6,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=436180947,hcho removal,Promotional removal of HCHO from simulated flue gas over Mn-Fe oxides modified activated coke,"Xueyu Du, Caiting Li, Lingkui Zhao, Jie Zhang, Lei Gao, Jingjing Sheng, Yaoyao Yi, Jiaqiang Chen, Guangming Zeng",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.apcatb.2018.03.034,"HCHO, Mn-Fe oxides, Activated coke, Catalytic removal","A series of MnxFey/AC catalysts synthesized by impregnation method were investigated on the efficient and stable removal of HCHO in the fix-bed reactor. Extensive characterizations, BET, SEM, XRD, H2-TPR, XPS and FT-IR, were conducted to study the physicochemical properties, HCHO oxidation and surface reaction of catalysts. The optimal Mn0.75Fe6.02/AC showed enhanced HCHO removal efficiency of 98.30%, as well as excellent performance for simultaneous removal of HCHO (89.96%) and Hg0 (77.51%). NO and SO2 balanced in N2 would inhibit the removal of HCHO, while the addition of 6% O2 weakened the negative effect of SO2 and NO + 6% O2 facilitated the removal of HCHO. Besides, the slight promotion effect of water vapor was contributed to the regeneration of consumed −OH via the activation of surface oxygen by adsorbed H2O. Characterization results indicated that Mn0.75Fe6.02/AC possessed larger BET surface area, well-developed porosity and better dispersion of active components. Mn0.75Fe6.02/AC exhibited higher reducibility due to the synergistic effect between MnOx and FeOx, and the interaction between Mn-Fe oxides and AC support. At the same time, the oxygen-containing functional groups (C-O-, COO), abundant active surface oxygen and –OH facilitated both adsorption and oxidation of HCHO. Besides, the formate and carbonate intermediates formed on the surface of Mn0.75Fe6.02/AC in HCHO removal process, which could be further oxidized into CO2 and H2O. On the basis of above investigations, the mechanism of enhanced HCHO catalytic removal over MnxFey/AC was proposed.",Download : Download high-res image (169KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
7,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=428663809,hcho removal,ZnO modified TiO2 nanotube array supported Pt catalyst for HCHO removal under mild conditions,"Huayao Chen, Minni Tang, Zebao Rui, Xuyu Wang, Hongbing Ji",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cattod.2015.08.024,"Formaldehyde, Catalytic oxidation, Pt, ZnO, TiO2 nanotube, In-situ DRIFTS","Highly-ordered pore-through TiO2 nanotube arrays (TiNT) are modified with ZnO and then used as the support for a Pt/ZnO/TiNT catalyst. The Pt/ZnO/TiNT is applied to the trace HCHO oxidation under mild conditions. In comparison with the Pt/TiNT without ZnO modification, monolith-like Pt/ZnO/TiNT shows higher activity under parallel preparation and test conditions. A HCHO conversion of 95% with more than 100 h stable performance is achieved over 0.2 wt.% Pt/ZnO/TiNT at 30 °C. The effect of ZnO modification on the structural properties and catalytic performance of Pt/ZnO/TiNT are investigated. The superior performances are related to the enhanced HCHO storage capacity of ZnO/TiNT support, the specific monolith-like structure and the modified metal–support interaction in Pt/ZnO/TiNT.",,eng,naver
8,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=547192865,hcho removal,Efficient removal of HCHO from simulated coal combustion flue gas using CuO-CeO2 supported on cylindrical activated coke,"Sheng Jingjing, Li Caiting, Zhao Lingkui, Du Xueyu, Gao Lei, Zeng Guangming",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.fuel.2017.02.056,"Formaldehyde, CuO-CeO2, Activated coke, Catalytic oxidation","To achieve novel sorbent-catalysts with low cost and high activity for removing HCHO in flue gas, we prepared and investigated CuO-CeO2 supported on activated coke granules (CuCe/AC) for decomposition of gaseous formaldehyde (HCHO) from simulated coal combustion flue gas. The results indicated that Cu3Ce8/AC exhibited remarkable conversion performance and good stability for HCHO removal. The presence of NO and SO2 exhibited a slight inhibitive effect on HCHO removal in the presence of 6% O2. The physicochemical properties of CuCe/AC were also studied by combination of N2 adsorption/desorption, SEM, XRD, H2-TPR, XPS and FT-IR. The excellent conversion property of Cu3Ce8/AC was related to the high surface area, large pore volume, high dispersion of copper species, good adsorption capacity and great redox ability of metal oxides. Besides, the synergy between Cu and Ce species improved the mobility of activated oxygen species and the content of chemisorption oxygen, which facilitated the conversion of HCHO greatly. FT-IR results suggested that adsorbed HCHO on the samples surface was oxidized into intermediates, which could be further decomposed into H2O and CO2 by the surface active oxygen of Cu3Ce8/AC. Along with the advantages of Cu3Ce8/AC, it would be a promising material for the removal of HCHO in real industrial application.",Download : Download high-res image (67KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
9,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=436230811,hcho removal,Simultaneous removal of HCHO and elemental mercury from flue gas over Co-Ce oxides supported on activated coke impregnated by sulfuric acid,"Chen Jiaqiang, Li Caiting, Li Shanhong, Lu Pei, Gao Lei, Du Xueyu, Yi Yaoyao",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cej.2018.01.043,"Elemental mercury, Formaldehyde, Co3O4-CeO2, Activated coke, Catalytic oxidation","To obtain a suitable catalyst for simultaneous removal of mercury and HCHO from waste flue gas, we prepared and investigated CoOx-CeO2 loaded on commercial activated coke granules treated with sulfate acid by impregnation method to remove the two toxic gases. The results revealed that the removal efficiencies of Hg0 and HCHO over Co8Ce3/ACs catalyst were 69.43% and 71.07% respectively in the presence of N2 and 6% O2 at 190 °C. And the presence of Hg0 had little impact on HCHO removal, but formaldehyde had a certain effect on Hg0 removal. In addition, the effects of individual flue gas component including O2, NO, SO2 and H2O on Hg0 and HCHO simultaneous removal performance over Co8Ce3/ACs catalyst were researched. The physicochemical properties of catalysts were characterized using BET, SEM, XRD, XPS, H2-TPR and FTIR. By analyzing these characterization results, it was found that the good removal property of the Co8Ce3/ACs catalyst was connected with good texture property, high dispersion of cobalt species and strong redox ability. Besides, the interaction between Co and Ce oxides phases could enhance the mobility of active oxygen species, which greatly improved the removal efficiencies of Hg0 and HCHO. Combined with the experiment and characterization results, end products of Hg0 and HCHO are mainly HgO, CO2 and H2O, respectively. So the mechanisms for simultaneous removal of mercury and HCHO were proposed. Of course, the Co8Ce3/ACs catalyst would be still modified to achieve the goal of practical industrial application.",Download : Download high-res image (52KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
10,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=294762130,hcho removal,Photocatalytic removal of NO and HCHO over nanocrystalline Zn2SnO4 microcubes for indoor air purification,"Ai Zhihui, Lee Shuncheng, Huang Yu, Ho Wingkei, Zhang Lizhi",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jhazmat.2010.02.071,"Zn
						2SnO
						4, NO, HCHO, Photocatalysis, Air Pollution, Indoor, prevention & control, Catalysis, Formaldehyde, chemistry, Microscopy, Electron, Scanning, Microscopy, Electron, Transmission, Nanoparticles, Nitric Oxide, Phenylhydrazines, Photochemistry, Spectrophotometry, Ultraviolet, Ultraviolet Rays, X-Ray Diffraction, Zinc Sulfate","Nanocrystalline Zn2SnO4 microcubes were hydrothermally synthesized and systematically characterized by XRD, SEM, TEM, XPS, N2 adsorption–desorption, and UV–vis DRS analysis. The resulting Zn2SnO4 microcubes with the edge size ranging from 0.8 to 1.2 μm were composed of numerous nanoparticles with size of 10–20 nm, and their optical band gap energy was estimated to be 3.25 eV from the UV–vis diffuse reflectance spectra. On degradation of nitrogen monoxide (NO) and formaldehyde (HCHO) at typical concentrations for indoor air quality, these nanocrystalline Zn2SnO4 microcubes exhibited superior photocatalytic activity to the hydrothermally synthesized ZnO, SnO2, and Degussa TiO2 P25, as well as C doped TiO2 under UV–vis light irradiation. This enhanced photocatalytic activity of the nanocrystalline Zn2SnO4 microcubes was attributed to their bigger surface areas, smaller particle size, special porous structures, and special electronic configuration. The nanocrystalline Zn2SnO4 microcubes were chemically stable as there was no obvious deactivation during the multiple photocatalytic reactions. This work presents a promising approach for scaling-up industrial production of Zn2SnO4 nanostructures and suggests that the synthesized nanocrystalline Zn2SnO4 microcubes are promising photocatalysts for indoor air purification.",,eng,naver
12,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=511351125,hcho removal,Pt/TiO2-ZnO in a circuit Photo-electro-catalytically removed HCHO for outstanding indoor air purification,"Cheng Nie, Lifen Liu, Rui He",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.seppur.2018.06.024,"HCHO removal, Photo-electro-catalysis, Pt/TiO2-ZnO, Indoor air purification, Gas-liquid two phases system","HCHO removal from indoor air was usually slow and inefficient due to the low concentration but persistent release, inadequate oxidation and less efficient catalysts at room temperature. PEC (photo-electro-catalysis) can better remove pollutant than PC (photocatalysis) or EC (electro-catalysis), but was rarely used directly in indoor air purification, because often aqueous electrolyte was not considered in indoor air purification reactor. Theoretically, removing HCHO in indoor air by PEC is possible, the question is how to integrate gas phase reaction with electric field and electrolyte. In this article, using copper anode in a thin film liquid electrolyte and high activity Pt/TiO2-ZnO cathode, efficient HCHO removal was realized by photo-electro-catalytic oxidation. The nano catalyst was prepared by sol-gel method and loaded on stainless steel mesh as cathode. Its structure, morphology and photocatalytic properties were characterized. The effect of Pt loading and/or external resistances on the removal efficiencies were investigated. Within 120 min of reaction time, 74% HCHO (0.16 mg/m3, in 5.5610−3 m3 air volume) was removed using 36 cm2 cathode loaded with 4.1610−3 mg/cm2 catalyst, while only 42% and 53% was removed respectively in PC and EC using the same catalyst and reactor.",,eng,naver
13,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=236077828,hcho removal,The catalytic oxidation removal of low-concentration HCHO at high space velocity by partially crystallized mesoporous MnOx,"Wang Min, Zhang Lingxia, Huang Weimin, Xiu Tongping, Zhuang Chenggang, Shi Jianlin",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cej.2017.03.098,"Catalytic oxidation, HCHO removal, Manganese oxides, Mesoporous catalyst, Air cleaner","Efficient removal of low-concentration HCHO at room temperature and high space velocity without using noble metals is still a great challenge to date. In this work, we have fabricated partially crystallized mesoporous MnOx by redox precipitation reaction between potassium permanganate and oxalic acid, followed by NaBH4 post-treatment at room temperature. The as-synthesized MnOx was coated on honeycomb ceramics and the obtained monolithic catalyst exhibited high efficiency in removing low-concentration HCHO (1 ppm and 0.2 ppm) at a space velocity of ∼48,000 h−1. When operated at 85 °C, the monolithic catalyst showed further improved HCHO removal efficiency and durable performance. And with humidity, the catalyst also showed enhanced catalytic activity and prolonged life. The multiple valence states of Mn, high surface area together with the high content of surface-adsorbed oxygen species have been identified and proposed to be responsible for its high catalytic activity in HCHO oxidation removal.",Download : Download high-res image (321KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
17,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=517168217,hcho removal,Rapid removal of trace HCHO from indoor air by an air purifier consisting of a continuous concentrator and photocatalytic reactor and its computer simulation,"Fumihide Shiraishi, Takeshi Nomura, Shunsuke Yamaguchi, Yusuke Ohbuchi",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cej.2006.09.018,"Photocatalytic reactor, Continuous concentrator, Mathematical model, Formaldehyde, Computer simulation",A mathematical model has been constructed for the removal of gaseous HCHO at a very low concentration level in a closed room by use of an air purifier that consists of a photocatalytic reactor combined with a continuous adsorption and desorption concentrator and the performance of the air purifier has been evaluated by computer simulation. The calculated result for the time course of the HCHO concentration in a 10 m3 closed room shows that the mathematical model can satisfactorily describe the time-transient behavior of the experimental values. The computer simulation for the treatment of HCHO in an actual dwelling house with the continuous release of HCHO from the building materials indicates that the air purifier can steadily keep the HCHO concentration below the WHO guideline (<80 ppb).,,eng,naver
19,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=235880064,hcho removal,Co3O4 nanorod-supported Pt with enhanced performance for catalytic HCHO oxidation at room temperature,"Yan Zhaoxiong, Xu Zhihua, Cheng Bei, Jiang Chuanjia",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.apsusc.2017.02.010,"Co3O4, Catalytic oxidation, Room temperature, Formaldehyde removal, Microwave hydrothermal synthesis","Formaldehyde (HCHO) removal from air at room (ambient) temperature by effective catalysts is of significance for improving indoor air quality, and catalysts with high efficiency and good recyclability are highly desirable. In this study, platinum (Pt) supported on nanorod-shaped Co3O4 (Pt/Co3O4) was prepared by calcination of microwave-assisted synthesized Co3O4 precursor followed by NaBH4-reduction of Pt precursor. The as-prepared Co3O4 exhibited a morphology of nanorods with lengths of 400–700 nm and diameters of approximately 40–50 nm, which were self-assembled by nanoparticles. The Pt/Co3O4 catalyst exhibited a superior catalytic performance for HCHO oxidation at room temperature compared to Pt supported on commercial Co3O4 (Pt/Co3O4-c) and Pt supported on commercial TiO2 (Pt/TiO2), which is mainly due to the high oxygen mobility resulting from its distinct nanorod morphology, strong metal-support interaction between Pt and Co3O4, and the intrinsic redox nature of the Co3O4 support. This study provides new insights into the fabrication of high-performance catalysts for indoor air purification.",Download : Download high-res image (187KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
31,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=430911827,hcho removal,Ultrathin manganese dioxide nanosheets for formaldehyde removal and regeneration performance,"Rong Shaopeng, Zhang Pengyi, Wang Jinlong, Liu Fang, Yang Yajie, Yang Guoliang, Liu Song",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cej.2016.08.059,"Ultrathin manganese dioxide nanosheets, Formaldehyde removal, Regeneration","Ultrathin manganese dioxide (MnO2) nanosheets with the thickness of 1–2 nm were synthesized by chemical oxidation of Mn2+ ions in the presence of tetramethylammonium cations in an aqueous solution. The composite material MnO2/PET (polyethylene terephthalate) was prepared by impregnating PET into MnO2 nanosheets colloid. The impregnation time has a great influence on HCHO adsorption and removal efficiency. When the PET was impregnated in nanosheets colloid for 1 h at room temperature, the concentration of HCHO decreased quickly within initial 10 min and finally reached about 81% removal efficiency with an initial HCHO concentration of ∼200 ppm. Moreover, the used MnO2/PET can be simply regenerated by heating at 105 °C without any rinse treatment. Based on in-situ DRIFTS and TG-MS studies, the mechanism of formaldehyde removal and regeneration was proposed. All the results showed that as-synthesized MnO2/PET can be used as an effective, affordable, and recyclable materials to removal and oxide toxic HCHO in indoor air.",Download : Download high-res image (83KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
32,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=436385079,hcho removal,Removal of formaldehyde on carbon -based materials: A review of the recent approaches and findings,"S. Suresh, Teresa J. Bandosz",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.carbon.2018.05.023,"Formaldehyde, Adsorption, Carbon-based adsorbents, Porosity, Surface chemistry","Formaldehyde, HCHO, is one of the most common toxic pollutants found in indoor air. Its most common sources are pressed woods and particle boards. National Toxicology Program of Department of Health and Human Services classifies formaldehyde as human carcinogen and its exposure limit is 0.08 ppm for 30 min. So far, besides room venting, no other means have been recommended by Consumer Products Safety Commission to minimize indoor HCHO exposure. Since adsorption seems to be an efficient and cost-effective method of HCHO removal, in this review we summarize the findings on the applications of carbonaceous materials (mainly activated carbons, carbon fibers and their composites with an inorganic phase) as formaldehyde adsorbents from indoor air. Besides experiments, recent theoretical and simulation results are also discussed. Our intention is to use them as a basis for a further development of the next generation of efficient and cost-effective carbon-based reactive adsorbents where adsorption of HCOH will be combined with its mineralization at ambient conditions.",Download : Download high-res image (82KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
33,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=294763410,hcho removal,The roles of various plasma species in the plasma and plasma-catalytic removal of low-concentration formaldehyde in air,"Fan Xing, Zhu Tianle, Sun Yifei, Yan Xiao",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jhazmat.2011.09.044,"Formaldehyde, Discharge plasma, MnO
							x
						/Al
						2O
						3 catalyst, Plasma-catalysis, Ozone, Absorption, Air Pollutants, analysis, isolation & purification, Aluminum Oxide, chemistry, Catalysis, Energy Transfer, Environmental Restoration and Remediation, instrumentation, methods, Equipment Design, Formates, Manganese Compounds, Oxides","The contributions of various plasma species to the removal of low-concentration formaldehyde (HCHO) in air by DC corona discharge plasma in the presence and absence of downstream MnOx/Al2O3 catalyst were systematically investigated in this study. Experimental results show that HCHO can be removed not only by short-living active species in the discharge zone, but also by long-living species except O3 downstream the plasma reactor. O3 on its own is incapable of removing HCHO in the gas phase but when combined with the MnOx/Al2O3 catalyst, considerable HCHO conversion is seen, well explaining the greatly enhanced HCHO removal by combining plasma with catalysis. The plasma-catalysis hybrid process where HCHO is introduced through the discharge zone and then the catalyst bed exhibits the highest energy efficiency concerning HCHO conversion, due to the best use of plasma-generated active species in a two-stage HCHO destruction process. Moreover, the presence of downstream MnOx/Al2O3 catalyst significantly reduced the emission of discharge byproducts (O3) and organic intermediates (HCOOH).",► Roles of various plasma species in plasma and plasma-catalytic removal of formaldehyde (HCHO) in air were studied. ► Both short- and long-living plasma species contribute to HCHO removal in gas phase. ► O3 does not initiate HCHO removal in gas phase but does over MnOx/Al2O3 catalyst. ► O3 initiated catalytic reactions are mainly responsible for the enhanced HCHO removal by plasma-catalysis. ► The presence of downstream MnOx/Al2O3 catalyst greatly reduces the emission of discharge byproducts (O3) and organic intermediates (HCOOH).,eng,naver
35,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=424541971,hcho removal,Formaldehyde removal from gas streams by means of NaNO2 dielectric barrier discharge plasma,"Liang Wen-Jun, Li Jian, Li Jing-Xin, Zhu Tao, Jin Yu-Quan",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jhazmat.2009.10.034,"Formaldehyde, Dielectric barrier discharge plasma, NaNO
						2, Ozone, Specific energy density, Energy yield, Air Pollutants, analysis, chemistry, Carbon Dioxide, Catalysis, Electrochemistry, methods, Electrodes, Equipment Design, Gases, Iron, Nitrates, Pressure, Spectrophotometry, Temperature, Water","Destruction of formaldehyde by means of NaNO2 ferro-electric packed bed dielectric barrier discharge plasma in a coaxial cylindrical reactor was carried out at atmospheric pressure and room temperature. The difference among four kinds of NaNO2 ferro-electric reactors was compared in terms of specific energy density (SED), energy yield (EY), and HCHO decomposition. In addition, by-products during the decomposition of HCHO and destruction mechanism were also investigated. The removal efficiency of HCHO increased by means of NaNO2 DBD plasma significantly and enhanced with increasing SED distinctly. More amount of NaNO2 contributed to higher HCHO removal efficiency in the reactors. Reactor C had the highest HCHO removal efficiency among the reactors. As an important by-product, ozone concentration increased with higher SED. The possible main products in the outlet effluent were CO, CO2 and H2O.",,eng,naver
37,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=606262591,hcho removal,Bimetallic nickel molybdate supported Pt catalyst for efficient removal of formaldehyde at low temperature,"Gang Huang, Zhaoxiong Yan, Shuyuan Liu, Tingting Luo, Liang An, Zhihua Xu",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jes.2019.06.005,"Catalytic oxidation, HCHO removal, Supported Pt nanoparticles, NiMoO4 nanoflakes, Ambient temperature, Porous structure, chemistry, Cold Temperature, Models, Chemical, Platinum, Nickel, Catalysis, Molybdenum, Formaldehyde, Metal Nanoparticles","Efficient removal of formaldehyde from indoor environments is of significance for human health. In this work, a typical binary transition metal oxide that could provide various oxidation states, β-NiMoO4, was employed as a support to immobilize the active Pt component (Pt/NiMoO4) for catalytic formaldehyde elimination at low ambient temperature (15°C). The results showed that the hydrothermal preparation temperature and time had a noticeable impact on the morphology and catalytic activity of the samples. The catalyst prepared with hydrothermal temperature of 150°C for 4 hr (Pt-150-4) exhibited superior catalytic activity and stability mainly due to its distinctly porous structure, relative abundance of adsorbed surface hydroxyls/water, and high oxidation ability, which resulted from the interaction of Pt with Ni and Mo of the bimetallic NiMoO4 support. Our results might shed light on the rational design of multifunctional catalysts for removal of indoor air pollutants at low ambient temperature.",Download : Download high-res image (179KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
40,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=426670169,hcho removal,Removal of formaldehyde over MnxCe1 − xO2 catalysts: Thermal catalytic oxidation versus ozone catalytic oxidation,"Li Jia Wei, Pan Kuan Lun, Yu Sheng Jen, Yan Shaw Yi, Chang Moo Been",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jes.2014.05.030,"Formaldehyde, Volatile organic compounds, Indoor air pollutant, Thermal catalytic oxidation, Ozone catalytic oxidation","MnxCe1 − xO2 (x: 0.3–0.9) prepared by Pechini method was used as a catalyst for the thermal catalytic oxidation of formaldehyde (HCHO). At x = 0.3 and 0.5, most of the manganese was incorporated in the fluorite structure of CeO2 to form a solid solution. The catalytic activity was best at x = 0.5, at which the temperature of 100% removal rate is the lowest (270°C). The temperature for 100% removal of HCHO oxidation is reduced by approximately 40°C by loading 5 wt.% CuOx into Mn0.5Ce0.5O2. With ozone catalytic oxidation, HCHO (61 ppm) in gas stream was completely oxidized by adding 506 ppm O3 over Mn0.5Ce0.5O2 catalyst with a GHSV (gas hourly space velocity) of 10,000 hr− 1 at 25°C. The effect of the molar ratio of O3 to HCHO was also investigated. As O3/HCHO ratio was increased from 3 to 8, the removal efficiency of HCHO was increased from 83.3% to 100%. With O3/HCHO ratio of 8, the mineralization efficiency of HCHO to CO2 was 86.1%. At 25°C, the p-type oxide semiconductor (Mn0.5Ce0.5O2) exhibited an excellent ozone decomposition efficiency of 99.2%, which significantly exceeded that of n-type oxide semiconductors such as TiO2, which had a low ozone decomposition efficiency (9.81%). At a GHSV of 10,000 hr− 1, [O3]/[HCHO] = 3 and temperature of 25°C, a high HCHO removal efficiency (≥ 81.2%) was maintained throughout the durability test of 80 hr, indicating the long-term stability of the catalyst for HCHO removal.",,eng,naver
43,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=605515944,hcho removal,Cobalt nanoparticles encapsulated in porous nitrogen-doped carbon: Oxygen activation and efficient catalytic removal of formaldehyde at room temperature,"Dandan Zhu, Yu Huang, Jun-ji Cao, Shun Cheng Lee, Meijuan Chen, Zhenxing Shen",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.apcatb.2019.117981,"metallic Co nanoparticles, porous nitrogen-doped carbon, HCHO removal, catalytic oxidation","The removal of carcinogenic formaldehyde (HCHO) to improve indoor air quality has attracted significant attention. Designing efficient catalysts for practical HCHO oxidation without use of noble metals remains challenging. In this study, metallic Co nanoparticles were encapsulated with porous nitrogen-doped carbon ([email protected]). This catalyst achieved HCHO elimination at room temperature for the first time. The as-prepared [email protected] catalyst exhibited superior catalytic activity (>80%) for HCHO removal compared with the oxidized one, and possessed the excellent stability. Theoretical calculations showed that the metallic Co in [email protected] is the active site for O2 dissociation, which enhanced the catalytic activity compared to traditional transition-metal oxides, such as Co3O4 with the high-valence state Co3+ providing active sites. The formate species was the main intermediate, which was further oxidized to CO2 as the final product. Hence, an efficient non-noble-metal catalyst for room-temperature HCHO oxidation was developed.",Download : Download high-res image (232KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
44,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=429211571,hcho removal,Efficient catalytic removal of formaldehyde at room temperature using AlOOH nanoflakes with deposited Pt,"Xu Zhihua, Yu Jiaguo, Jaroniec Mietek",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.apcatb.2014.08.017,"Aluminum oxyhydroxide, Pt/AlOOH, Adsorption, Formaldehyde removal, Catalytic decomposition","Mesoporous AlOOH with deposited Pt (Pt/AlOOH) catalyst was prepared by combining the microemulsion-assisted synthesis of AlOOH nanoflakes with NaBH4-reduction of Pt precursor, and exhibited a remarkable catalytic activity as well as stability for elimination of formaldehyde (HCHO) vapor at room temperature. As compared to Pt deposited on calcined AlOOH (Pt/AlOOH-c), Pt on a commercial Al2O3 (Pt/c-Al2O3) and Pt on P25 (Pt/TiO2), the Pt/AlOOH nanoflakes showed the highest catalytic activity toward decomposition of HCHO at room temperature. The excellent performance of Pt/AlOOH nanoflakes could be attributed to the abundance of surface hydroxyls, high dispersion of Pt nanoparticles, excellent adsorption performance of AlOOH, and its high specific surface area and large pore volume. The mechanism of HCHO decomposition was investigated with respect to the behavior of adsorbed intermediates on Pt/AlOOH surface at room temperature using in situ DRIFTS. The result suggests that surface formate is the main reaction intermediate during the HCHO oxidation and it could be directly oxidized to CO2 in the presence of O2. By taking advantage of high adsorption affinity of AlOOH nanoflakes and excellent catalytic activity of Pt nanoparticles toward HCHO it was possible to design a superior nanostructured catalyst for room temperature decomposition of HCHO. This strategy can be also used to fabricate novel nanostructured catalysts for advanced applications such as environmental remediation.",,eng,naver
45,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=599922411,hcho removal,Rapid removal of trace HCHO from indoor air by an air purifier consisting of a continuous concentrator and photocatalytic reactor and its computer simulation,"Fumihide Shiraishi, Takeshi Nomura, Shunsuke Yamaguchi, Yusuke Ohbuchi",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cej.2006.09.018,"Photocatalytic reactor, Continuous concentrator, Mathematical model, Formaldehyde, Computer simulation",A mathematical model has been constructed for the removal of gaseous HCHO at a very low concentration level in a closed room by use of an air purifier that consists of a photocatalytic reactor combined with a continuous adsorption and desorption concentrator and the performance of the air purifier has been evaluated by computer simulation. The calculated result for the time course of the HCHO concentration in a 10 m3 closed room shows that the mathematical model can satisfactorily describe the time-transient behavior of the experimental values. The computer simulation for the treatment of HCHO in an actual dwelling house with the continuous release of HCHO from the building materials indicates that the air purifier can steadily keep the HCHO concentration below the WHO guideline (<80 ppb).,,eng,naver
48,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=496244060,hcho removal,Fe promoted structured Pt/Fex/a-AlOOH catalyst for room temperature oxidation of low concentration HCHO,"Zhang Qi, Sun Shibai, Wang Tianyu, Liu Feng, Yang Jing Hui, Cheng Ao",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cep.2018.07.003,"Structured catalyst, AlOOH, HCHO decomposition, FeOOH","Fe promoted structured mesoporous anodic AlOOH (Fe/a-AlOOH) with dominant facets were developed and a series of a-AlOOH, Pt/a-AlOOH and Pt/Fex/a-AlOOH catalysts were prepared for formaldehyde oxidation at room temperature. The activities of AlOOH, Pt/a-AlOOH and Pt/Fex/a-AlOOH were compared. The results show that the Pt1.2/Fe3.8/a-AlOOH catalyst exhibits the best catalytic performance at 25 ℃ with CO2 conversion of 80% and 100% at 45 °C. The analyzation by XRD, TG and FTIR indicates that two kinds of crystal facets, AlOOH and FeOOH, are exposed on the surface of Pt1.2/Fe3.8/a-AlOOH which improve HCHO catalytic performance of the support. The catalytic performance of the selected mesh Pt/Fe/a-AlOOH catalyst was evaluated in the 3 m3 air cabin. The results show that in the condition of 1.30 m/s cross section velocity (V), 0.3–1 ppm formaldehyde (inlet concentration) can be oxidized to 0.08 ppm (indoor air quality standard) in 25 min over Pt1.2/Fe3.8/a-AlOOH mesh catalyst which is just 200 × 200 × 0.4 mm3 with the weight of 21.7 g.",Download : Download high-res image (134KB)Download : Download full-size image,eng,naver
49,https://academic.naver.com/article.naver?doc_id=578132242,hcho removal,Removal of high concentrations of formaldehyde in industrial exhaust by catalytic oxidation,"Richu Wei, Honglin Chen, Xiaoming Zhang, Jishuan Suo",http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S1872-2067(12)60696-2,"Platinum-ceria/activated carbon catalyst, Formaldehyde waste gas, Glyphosphate production, Formaldehyde removal","A Pt-CeO2/AC catalyst was developed for the removal of high concentrations of formaldehyde (HCHO) in industrial exhaust under mild conditions. The HCHO removal was integrated into a N-(phosphonomethyl)glycine production process to remove in situ the high concentrations of HCHO in its exhaust stream. The HCHO produced and emitted (100–300 mg/m3) in N-(phosphonomethyl)glycine synthesis was completely removed by passage through the catalyst bed. The effects of temperature, space velocity, and HCHO content on removal efficiency were systematically studied. Almost all the HCHO was oxidized at gas hourly space velocities (GHSV) below 20000 h−1, and the HCHO content was decreased to below 0.1 mg/m3, that is, the HCHO conversion rate was 99.10%–100%. When the GHSV was in the range of 30000–50000 h−1 and the catalyst bed temperature was 12 °C, the HCHO content in the treated gas was still less than 1.5 mg/m3, and the HCHO conversion rate was 97.56%–99.99%. The 1%Pt-4%CeO2/AC catalyst is now in the pilot phase of its use in treating glyphosphate production exhaust gas containing high concentrations of HCHO, and good initial progress has been made. The concentrations of HCHO in the treated industrial exhaust were less than 10 mg/m3, which effectively has no HCHO health hazard, and there are good prospects for industrialization.","The Pt-CeO2/AC catalyst was used to remove the high concentration formaldehyde in industrial exhaust, and the HCHO content in the treated stream dropped below 0.1 mg/m3 at GHSV of 20000 h−1.",eng,naver
